Modern Business Machine Nig Limited ("MBM") is an information technology company, focused on providing optimal and contemporary solution in Nigeria
The company's focus is the supply of computer system, office equipment , and accessories as well as providing maintenance and after sales services.
The company was incorporated in 1987, and has grown from humble beginning to a renowned ICT solution provider in Nigeria today, with nation-wide presence , and a branch network that includes the cities of Lagos , Abuja, port Harcourt, Jos and Warri.
MBM is one of the oldest Business Panthers to INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES ("IBM") in Nigeria. the company became a business partner to IBM in 1990 and has since gained notoriety as one of the major source for IBM and services in Nigeria
MBM has also been in a long standing business with COMPAQ corporation since 1993 before it metamorphosed into HEWLETT PARKARD ("HP"), with whom the company's business partner Status Continued.
MBM is a CISCO vendor; and utilizes Cisco expertise and network solution product and technologies to help meet client's changing needs
In addition, the company is an authorized vendor of NETAPP storage devices, and business panther to LEXMARK and ESPON for all their ranges of product in Nigeria.
MBM is also a Samsung Business Partner in NIgeria. We Deal in all Samsung Laptops and tablets.
As a Business Panther to these major leading Manufactures, MBM receive tremendous support from these organization In terms of equipment supplies and technical support. company is committed to maintaining the excellence and perfection for which these manufacturers are known. MBM is always Prepared to take the extra Step to give its client maximum satisfaction.


Modern Business Machines Nig. Ltd (MBM) is an information technology company, focused on providing optimal and contemporary ICT solutions in Nigeria. MBM provides proven solutions integrated with cutting edge technologies to allow your business to work more efficiently and deliver vital business information where and when you need it. MBM was incorporated in 1987 and has grown from humble beginning to a renowned ICT solutions provider in Nigeria today with nation-wide presence that includes cities of Lagos and Port-Harcourt. Modern Business Machine became a Business Partner to IBM in 1990 and has since been well known as one of the major sources for IBM products and services in Nigeria. MBM has also been a long standing Business Partner with COMPAQ Corporation since 1993 before the transition to Hewlett Packard (HP). We are CISCO Vendors and an authorized vendor of NetApp storage devices.We are Business Partners to LEXMARK and EPSON for all their ranges of products in Nigeria. MBM is a Business Partner to Microsoft Incorporation and is authorized to sales of Microsoft products and software.
ALWAYS WITH YOU
Whether you are moving offices, replacing an existing IT products or infrastructure or expanding, we work with you to supply all your IT related hardware and software including desktops, laptops and server solutions, software, digital telephony and network switching and routing.
A RELIABLE PARTNER
MBM provides telephone, pc online and on-site support for both business critical and end user issues. Whether major server related issues occurred or someone simply does not know how to use a specific Microsoft Word function we are here to assist..
RIGHT SUPPO